Carlos Carrillo-Calderon10/24/2016OSU-CS362Assignment 4Part 4)1) True or False: A good test suite has good coverage: True
2) True or False: A suite with good coverage implies a good test suite: False
3) True or False: 100% Line/Statement Coverage implies 100% Branch Coverage. Justify your answer
True. According to the lectures, branch coverage and statement coverage are the same for if-then-else. Let’s consider this if-then-structure.				if (x < y) {  				     y = 0;     				     x = x + 1; }				else{   				     x = y; }In this case, x and y are reached in each node from each branch; so we may say that 100% Line/Statement Coverage could imply 100% Branch Coverage.	4) True or False: 100% Branch Coverage implies 100% Line/Statement Coverage. Justify your answer.
False. Let’s consider this code in order to justify this answer:	if (SomeCondition) {		 DoSomething(); ... }If SomeCondition is always true, we can have 100% statement coverage, which means that SomeCondition and DoSomething() will be covered. However, If SomeCondition is false, DoSomething()  will never be executed. Thus, it will never be covered when the condition is false since DoSomething() would be skipped. In other words, branch coverage can’t just cover all nodes, although it may cover all edges.5) True or False: 100% Branch Coverage implies 100% Path Coverage. Full path coverage implies that every possible execution path in the tested code is followed by at least one test. Justify your answer.
False. It actually is true the other way around, since path coverage counts the number of full paths from input to output through a program that get executed, whereas branch coverage counts the number of branches that were tested at any point in time. Thus, full path coverage will lead to full branch coverage, but 100% Branch may not cover all the paths from input to output through a program that get executed.6) Describe in a paragraph or less how your intuitions for what constitutes a quality test suite aligned (or did not) with your initial coverage results in problem 3.
My intuitions about the quality related to a test suit were a little different to what I found doing this assignment. After doing some research and reading, I found that there is a low to moderate correlation between coverage and effectiveness when the number of test cases in the suite is controlled for. In addition, I think that even stronger forms of coverage do not provide greater insight into the effectiveness of the suite. So I still have mu doubts about this testing method. In spite of this, it’s also clear that it is a good tool to find bugs.7) Compare in a paragraph or less a test suite written only using input domain partitioning to a test suite written to optimize coverage metrics.Input domain partitioning	Optimize coverage metricsInput domain partitioning:
	•Typically used to reduce the total number of test cases to a finite set of testable test cases, still covering maximum requirements.	•Can be applied at several levels of testing: Unit, Integration, and System.	•Relatively easy to apply with no automation.	•Easy to adjust to get more of fewer tests.	•It is possible to do black box testing; you just need to know what the input space is.	•Based only on the input space of the program, not on the implementation.	•By refining or merging partitions you can add or remove tests.Optimize coverage metrics:
	• Provide a meaningful decision criterion for the adequacy of a test suite in the development of safety-critical applications.	• At component testing level, the coverage items could be lines of code or code statements or decision outcomes. At component integration level, the coverage item may be a call to a function or module.	• Totally automated test. 	• Calculate the percentage of coverage items that were tested by a set of tests	• Report coverage items that have not been tested yet	• The coverage items could be lines of Code or code statements or decision outcomes (e.g. the True or False exit from an IF statement)	• Only measure the coverage of the items that they can identify